Lotus Domino Server External Scripts
Release 1.0, 4.10.2000
-------------------------
Retrospect supports external scripts to further automate Retrospect
operations. You can attach a single executable script to Retrospect or
to a Retrospect Client to act upon the scriptable events that occur 
during Retrospect operations.

External Scripting Events are fully documented in the Retrospect 5.1
User's Guide Addendum, located in the Documentation folder on the 
Retrospect 5.1 CD. 

A Lotus Domino Server may be installed as an application or as a service.
An appropriate batch file for either option is included in this package. 
These batch files allow Retrospect to back up a Lotus Domino Server by 
stopping the server, allowing the backup to take place, and restarting 
the Domino Server to resume normal operations. These external scripts 
are fully user customizable. This feature is intended for users 
experienced in NT shell scripting. Retrospect can only handle one external 
script at a time, so if you want to invoke the functionality of more 
than one script, for example add email notification to the computer running 
the Domino Server backup, they must be combined into a single script.

To use a script, place it in the Retrospect directory. The backup script 
name must match the script name defined in the batch file. By default, 
this is set as "Backup Domino". This can be modified by editing the batch 
file where noted.

Lotus Domino Server Application
-------------------------
This external script is designed to back up a Lotus Domino Server running
as an Application. This batch file requires the Microsoft Windows Resource
Kit to be loaded. Using this script, Retrospect will quit the Lotus Domino 
Server, perform a consistency check, compress its databases, then back up. 
When Retrospect completes its operations, the Lotus Domino Server will be 
restarted. 

This batch file requires the user to configure the path to the Domino Server 
directory (ex. C:\Lotus\Domino) and set the version number of the Domino 
Server (ex. 4.6a=460, 5.0.2=502). These settings are in the top portion of 
the batch file and are clearly noted.

Lotus Domino Server Service
-------------------------
This external script is designed to back up a Lotus Domino Server running as 
a service. Using this script, Retrospect will stop the Lotus Domino Server 
service before backing up. After Retrospect finishes backing up, the Lotus 
Domino Server service will be restarted. 

This batch file requires the user to set the name of the service to match 
the name of Lotus Domino Server service in the services control panel 
(ex. Lotus Domino Server). The name of the service will differ for different 
versions of Domino.

Feedback
-------------------------
If you make improvements or changes to these External Scripts, we would like to hear about it. Please email 
retroextras@retrospect.com. We would love to hear from you! 

© 2012 Retrospect, Inc. Portions © 1989-2010 EMC Corporation. All rights reserved.

